I examined 2018 squirrel data from NYC Open Data. The data includes 3,000 different recorded squirrel sightings, along with information about the squirrels' ages, behaviors, locations, fur colors, etc. I picked this dataset because the squirrel data is sort of a running joke among my classmates, and I wanted to mess around with it and learn more about NYC squirrels. You can find the data here: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Environment/2018-Central-Park-Squirrel-Census-Squirrel-Data/vfnx-vebw

I ran a few classifiers to see if juvenile squirrels behaved differently than adult squirrels. Specifically, I wanted to know if a classifier could predict a squirrel's age based on if it approached the person who recorded the sighting. I used the RandomForestClassifier, DecisionTreeClassifier, and Perceptron. Each of these classifiers returned the same predictions and accuracy score: 88.2%. The classifiers predicted that none of the squirrels were juveniles, and it was only inaccurate in 89 out of 756 cases.

I also used different features to determine if certain juvenile squirrels were skittish. I used words from the category "Other Interactions" and searched for words like "cautious," "pause," "run," and "froze." This is the first time I got an accuracy score of 100%, which means the classifier was correct in every prediction about skittish juvenile squirrels. I examined decision tree feature importances with eli5, and it showed that "run" was always an indicator of a skittish squirrel.